Identity Federation, closes MISC-267 (#81)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/user/organization/index.md

weight: 10081
---

To view information about your organization, click on the **Organization settings** button.

{{< img src="menu.png" alt="Organization settings" >}}

## Switch between multiple organizations

If you've been invited to multiple organizations, 

> you can switch between them by clicking on the organization name in top right corner dropdown.

Reviewer: in the top right corner

Credits consumption history.

{{< img src="credits.png" alt="Organization credits view in row" >}}

By clicking on a row, you will see all the details of the credit consumption for each month.

{{< img src="credits-detail.png" alt="Organization credits view in detail" >}}

* **Type** - Which type of event occurred, with a link redirecting to the run when credits were used to run a simulation.
* **Date** - The day the event took effect.
* **Credits** - Number of credits gained or used from the event.

## Plans

{{< alert warning >}}
This section is only available to the System Admin.
{{< /alert >}}

Plans view history.

{{< img src="plans.png" alt="Organization plan" >}}

* **Status** - Current status of the payment plan: **Terminated**, **Active**, or **PaymentFailure**.
* **From** - Start date of the plan.
* **To** - End date of the plan, if there is one.
* **Credits** - Number of credits awarded each month by the plan.

## Invitations

{{< alert warning >}}
This section is only available to the System Admin.
{{< /alert >}}

{{< img src="invitations.png" alt="Invitations" >}}

* **Email** - Recipient of the invitation.
* **Sent** - Date where the invitation was sent.

> * **Expire** - After this date, the invitation will no longer be valid, and you"ll need to generate a new invitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Expire** - After this date, the invitation will no longer be valid, and you'll need to generate a new invitation.
```

{{< /alert >}}

Credits consumption history.

{{< img src="credits.png" alt="Organization credits view in row" >}}

By clicking on a row, you will see all the details of the credit consumption for each month.

{{< img src="credits-detail.png" alt="Organization credits view in detail" >}}

* **Type** - Which type of event occurred, with a link redirecting to the run when credits were used to run a simulation.
* **Date** - The day the event took effect.
* **Credits** - Number of credits gained or used from the event.

## Plans

{{< alert warning >}}
This section is only available to the System Admin.
{{< /alert >}}

Plans view history.

{{< img src="plans.png" alt="Organization plan" >}}

* **Status** - Current status of the payment plan: **Terminated**, **Active**, or **PaymentFailure**.
* **From** - Start date of the plan.
* **To** - End date of the plan, if there is one.
* **Credits** - Number of credits awarded each month by the plan.

## Invitations

{{< alert warning >}}
This section is only available to the System Admin.
{{< /alert >}}

{{< img src="invitations.png" alt="Invitations" >}}

* **Email** - Recipient of the invitation.

> * **Sent** - Date the invitation was sent.

Reviewer: The wording seems strange to me

Reviewer 3: suggestion: `Date where the invitation was sent.`

> * **Expire** - End date of the invitation.

Reviewer: After this date, the invitation will no longer be valid, and you"ll need to create manually a new invitation

> 

Reviewer: remove the empty lines
